The biggest guys are always the
strongest guys. If you want to be as big
and as strong as possible, you need to
chase strength and only strength.
Anything else is a distraction.
Hi, my name is John Jquish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering, which gives
me a unique perspective. Today we're
going to be talking about some new
comments from Dorian Yates. You guys
know he's one of my favorite
bodybuilders, but he also is very
evidence-based when it comes to how he
designs his programming. That's pretty
much why he's one of my favorites, other
than the fact that he probably had one
of the most impressive physiques of all
time. So, we're going to look at his new
comments here. Volume has got [__] all
to do with the muscle growth. End of
story. Look. Okay. So, let's say you can
uh bench press 300 lb for 10 reps. Yeah.
But you take 150 lb and you do 10 reps.
What will that do? Nothing. What will
happen if we do that 10 times? Nothing.
All right. What would happen if we did
one set, but we like push to your limit?
Something. I love this video. What
Dorian's saying is if you are getting
stronger, this is this is a direct quote
from Dorian. If you want to get bigger,
you need to get stronger. So like and as
he says, volume has [__] all to do with
growing muscle because the only thing
the central nervous system sees is the
fatigue. And if you're trying to do
higher volume, you're not going to a
significant level of fatigue. and
therefore you're going to end up
stimulating less or nothing at all. It's
difficult because part of me wants to be
just non-argumentative
and just say to the volume guys, "Yeah,
you're just stretching the workout
longer." And that's generally how it's
perceived. But the biggest guys are
always the strongest guys. So it's what
Dorian's talking about is chasing
strength. If you want to be as big and
as strong as possible, you need to chase
strength and only strength. Anything
else is a distraction.
Hope this helped. Ask me any question
you want in the comments. See you on the
next one. If this video helped you, I
want you to subscribe and follow. I'm
going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. We've got the answer for you.